 
 
Document 0
 
Aviation Authorities Ground Airline over Safety concern in a unprecedented move in local commercial aviation history , the government decide to suspend the operation of a colombian airline because it believe that the airline do not meet aviation standard and guarantee safety . in fact , the civil Aeronautics Administrative Directorate notify AeroRepublica airline -lrb- currently rank third in the country -rrb- that start today it can not fly any of the nine DC-9 jet that make up its fleet . the jet will remain ground for at least two week while aerorepublica supplies civil Aeronautics with the paperwork and document contain record of the jet engine buy from the Alitalia company about four year ago . accord to civil Aeronautics Director Abel Enrique Jimenez Neira , the colombian airline do not achieve the aviation `` certification '' already grant to Avianca , Aces , and Tampa . `` as long as AeroRepublica be unable to meet the standard , it must wait and will be bar from fly because of concern for safety . they do not pass inspection , '' Jimenez Neira say . the official note that the key issue that prompt the drastic measure be the fact that AeroRepublica have no record for most of its jet . for now , the airline have the possibility of fly again with three of its nine jet . it all depend on the result of the inspection that civil Aeronautics inspector be plan to make in the next four day of the three jet that have not be check . if AeroRepublica be able to supply all of its document in order , the three DC-9 jet will be allow to fly . otherwise , they will remain ground like the rest of the jet until the standard be meet . the civil aeronautics director state that the airline can also choose to bring other plane into the country -lrb- lease -rrb- as long as they conform to international aviation safety standard . Jimenez state that the suspension of operation do not mean that problem or mechanical failure be detect on AeroRepublica jet , but that the deadline run out yesterday for the airline to comply with all safety standard in order for it to be certify . as be know , certification be a measure or a inspection that civil Aeronautics start implement last year at the recommendation of the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration -lrb- FAA -rrb- , in compliance with the standard set forth by the International Civil Aviation Organization -lrb- ICAO -rrb- , the world 's top organization govern the airline industry . the certification process consist of a civil Aeronautics inspection of operation manual , pilot qualification , maintenance file , and the aviation practice use in order to determine if the airline be adhering to international standard . precisely because it do not fulfill the duty of monitor these check and balance with respect to colombian airline , the FAA decide in October 1995 to lower civil Aeronautics 's rating from category one to category two , after determine that civil Aeronautics be not perform its duty of monitor operation and that colombian aviation be not safe enough . last year , civil Aeronautics certify the three colombian airline that have regularly schedule flight to the United States : Avianca , Aces , and Tampa . it begin the same certification process this year with domestic carrier , and AeroRepublica be the first to be select . after set a deadline for the airline to submit all document , civil Aeronautics find deficiency in the record of the jet and engine turbine , so it proceed to grind the airline until it supply the datum .  
 
Document 1
 
DHL Airline 's Safety Standards question the belgian pilot ' association BCA have serious safety concern about European Air Transport -lrb- EAT -rrb- , the belgian airline which transport package for DHL , operate out of Zaventem Airport . the BCA be voice its fear in the wake of a whole series of complaint from member of staff at eat . the maintenance of the aircraft be `` below standard '' and the maximum number of hour fly by pilot be not be respect , the BCA claim . what be more , eat be primarily resorting to the service of foreign pilot who pay no tax or social security contribution here . more than half of eat 's pilot have foreign identity card . most of they be individual who find they way to Belgium via British temporary employment agency specialize in air transport . accord to the pilot ' association , the payment of social security contribution and tax be be avoid , because if they be be pay anywhere , it be certainly not in Belgium . for example , portuguese pilot have address in the United Kingdom where they never stay . the pilot ' association go to the public prosecutor 's office with its finding 18 month ago . the investigation be conduct by the labor inspectorate lead to a whole series of protocol and the establishment of infringement , but so far no case have find they way to court . incidentally , eat be by far from the only airline employ large number of foreigner . virgin also do so , for example . however , it be not just here that the shoe pinch . various source have confirm to we that these foreigner do virtually everything demand of they by eat , bear in mind they weak social position . one eat pilot come to the staggering conclusion that some Canadians have work 28 night in succession , which violate all the rule . they do this so that they can subsequently enjoy a few week ' break in Canada . admittedly eat have be grant permission by the belgian civil Aviation Authority to allow its personnel to work a bit longer than the normal rule of eight day ' fly , six day ' rest , but the Authority attach a whole series of condition to this and definitely do not permit 28 day of uninterrupted service . for example , the pilot in question may not fly by day . yet more than 100 pilot work for the company confirm in a petition that they be have to do this . one belgian pilot on eat 's book be deeply concern at these duty time and after complain to no effect submit a dossier cram full of detail of violation to the Authority , only to be dismiss one week later for take this initiative . apparently the management 's attention have be draw to he dossier . officially , the french letter of dismissal describe he , in French , as `` no longer meet we requirement . '' this be emphatically deny by other pilot . `` he be one of we best flight officer , '' they say . `` a highly professional pilot , always concern about safety matter . he concern about the duty time prove this . he only take step after have fly on several occasion with copilot who be overtire . '' the pilot ' association have also receive a whole stack of complaint about sub-standard maintenance and flight safety at eat . for example , some technician have admit that they receive bonus depend on how much money be not spend during maintenance . some pilot have report that they be force to fly they machine to Zaventem even after a technical fault have be detect , even when the aircraft do not meet the require Minimum Equipment list . meanwhile , in the technical report -lrb- call trouble report -rrb- , some defect be list for several successive day , with a technician write in each case that the problem have be resolve . pilot confirm that the mandatory daily inspection by a technician be often limit to sign the log book . this be refer to as `` a daily eat . '' eat , by the way , have 20 aircraft of its own and charter around 40 more -- plus crew member -- from other airline , include US company . while these aircraft operate out of Belgium , they do not fall under the strict belgian legislation and be therefore virtually impossible to monitor . Agalev -lsb- Flemish Ecology Party -rsb- Deputy Lode Van Oost , who have put question to transport Minister Michel Daerden on several occasion with regard to eat , be regularly tell that the Authority have not detect any violation . `` I ask myself how that can possibly be the case , '' Van Oost say . however , after yet another question along similar line be ask last week , the Authority have supposedly now launch a investigation after all , which -- accord to we source -- have uncover all kind of irregularity . the pilot ' association also recently go to the Authority to talk about the problem at eat . `` we have nothing whatsoever against the company , but we be of the opinion that it must act in accordance with the rule , '' the association 's president , Jean de Looze , say . when ask for he reaction yesterday evening -lsb- 29 June -rsb- , eat 's director of operation , Iwein Van Caelenberg say that he know there be problem with the duty time and that these be currently under review . `` so we be work on it . '' he point out that eat have no option but to take foreign pilot into service because there be a shortage of pilot in Belgium . accord to Van Caelenberg , the legislation here be not at all suitable for deal with this `` irreversible situation . '' he admit that the pilot sign a petition en masse , `` but the question be put so suggestively that they could not help but sign it . '' `` just like other airline , safety be the single top priority at eat and maintenance be carry out by the book , '' Van Caelenberg add . `` there be no airline which get thing right all the time and where there be no complainer . ''  
 
Document 2
 
State Council approve Plan for Forming Police Force to ensure Airline Safety Beijing , 6 Feb -lrb- Xinhua -rrb- -- Liu Jianfeng , director of the Civil Aviation Administration of China -lsb- CAAC -rsb- , tell Xinhua today that the State Council have approve the plan for the restructuring of China 's civil aviation administration . he say the plan include the proposal of form a people 's police force for China 's airline . Liu Jianfeng disclose that the police force will have about 2,000 man , whom the CAAC Public Security Bureau will be assign to different airline . he add that the police force will be under the administration of the CAAC Public Security Bureau and the domestic airline . Liu Jianfeng indicate that member of the police force will primarily be assign to major domestic and international flight . it be report that department concern be now study the detail of the formation of the police force in the air , and that the time for the formation of the police force be still uncertain . a authoritative source say that the move will enable China to ensure passenger ' travel safety by lawfully tighten the fight against aircraft hijacking by terrorist .  
 
Document 3
 
grounding of Royal Tongan Airline over Safety Issues Isolates Pacific Islands Tonga 's royal family-owned international airline have be ground over safety concern . the airline fly a single boeing-737 between Tonga , New Zealand , Fiji and Australia , while operate two light aircraft domestically . it be the second Pacific carrier ground this month , after Australia temporarily ground Air Nauru earlier this month . the grounding of Royal Tongan Airlines have leave the Pacific state of Niue isolate without a regular carrier , and many of Tonga 's own island now have no airline service .  
 
Document 4
 
ROK 's Yonhap : Gov ' t to establish civil airline safety guideline this year Seoul , Jan. 11 -lrb- yonhap -rrb- -- guideline for civil aviation safety will be set up to assure commercial airline safety during the 2002 World Cup final , the Ministry of Construction and Transportation say Friday . the ministry say concern over the Sept. 11 terrorist attack in the United States and the country 's host of the World Cup and Asian Games this year prompt the new guideline . the safety guideline will assign safety responsibility to custom , the Incheon International Airport , intelligence authority and police , along with procedure for security check . the guideline will also include provision for commercial airline to upgrade they security check aboard the airplane through security team set up within the airline head by airline executive . a ministry task force will set up the safety guideline in either March or April .  
 
Document 5
 
sardinian investigation reveal spare PartsTrade Posing Threat to Airline Safety Rome -- imagine you automobile suffer a collision and , instead of replace the damage forepart with a new section , you friendly neighborhood mechanic go off to a demolition dealer and buy one second-hand , maybe steal . in addition , you mechanic have a buddy who run a spare part warehouse , who give he a counterfeit bill certify the purchase of the section in question . lastly , the mechanic slip he friend the warehouseman a `` little something for he trouble . '' it may even happen that it be the owner of the car , maybe to make something on the insurance , who get he mechanic to apply to the demolition dealer . we story be about aircraft , and the safety and life of hundred of passenger who fly every day on plane that might develop failure and fault cause by worn-out spare part be at stake . `` Safe Wings , '' the Tempio Pausania -lsb- Sardinia -rsb- Public Prosecutor 's Office investigation , have reveal this alarming situation : the market in spare part and electronic flight instrument . however , regardless of what the investigation manage to prove in term of criminal liability , it be already clear -- as the enac -lsb- National Civil Aviation Board -rsb- initiative show -- that the sardinian investigator ' work have lift the lid on a trade that have be go on for year . it be the night of 25 April 1999 when six bandit arm with have grenade and kalashnikov break into the Olbia airport maintenance hangar and steal spare part . set off from that robbery , Tempio Pausania 's Deputy Public Prosecutor , Renato Perinu , come across a illegal trade in avionic equipment obtain chiefly from the dismantle of damage or decommission aircraft . for the suspect ' defense lawyer , of course , it be a normal spare part business . the offence with which the suspect have be charge by Tempio Pausania GIP -lsb- judge of the preliminary investigation -- who assess whether the defendant have a case to answer on the strength of the evidence -rsb- Paolo Ponassi reveal a initial map of the airline and company involve in the trafficking , which have purchase spare part and flight instrument from company by the name of `` Newtech Italia SRL -lsb- limit liability company -rsb- , '' `` Newtech Aerospace '' -lrb- whose manage Director , Gino Boselli , be under investigation -rrb- , and `` Panaviation SPA -lsb- joint-stock company -rsb- '' -lrb- whose manage Director , Enzo Fregonese , be under investigation -rrb- . the investigator be attempt to establish the role play by Meridiana -lsb- italian airline -rsb- too in the discarding and sale of equipment . be that as it may , accord to the investigator ' finding to date , the company concern have sell they wares to various italian airline and US and canadian company : Meridiana , Air one , Air Dolomiti , Alpi Eagles , Air Sicilia , Azzurra , Minerca , and Volare , to name but the italian company . then there be the foreign purchaser : Air stock Inc and Iunc Inc. , Danbee-Mitchell , Aviation sale company , Flight Director Inc. , International Airline support Group , and Canada 's Pole air2 . the charge make against the suspect largely involve three offence : counterfeit document , pose a threat to public air transport safety , and extortion , although the latter charge concern only one of the suspect . it be the most serious crime , which allow the investigation to remain , for the time be at least , in Tempio Pausania instead of be transfer to Rome . the episode state in the court order involve Paolo Pietro Corrias , a Meridiana SPA employee , who be charge with obtain 7 percent of the sum invoiced -lrb- over 31,500 euro in all -rrb- for supplies of aircraft part bind for Meridiana from Newtech Italia and Newtech Aerospace manage Director Gino Boselli . Corrias be also charge with obtain the same 7 percent -lrb- over 7,700 euro -rrb- from US company Mitchell Air Kraft 's representative in Italy , George Schuster for guarantee the supply of aircraft part bind for Meridiana . it also have to be say , however , that GIP Ponassi herself state that `` there be no grave evidence '' of Corrias `` be guilty of the crime of extortion . '' to date , the Finance Police investigator have manage to ascertain the origin of a tiny proportion of the material sell : part of the Canadair c1-215 that crash in Sicily in 1996 , equipment -lrb- a fuel level indicator -rrb- discard by the ex-Adria Airways -lrb- former Yugoslavia -rrb- , aircraft part -lrb- from the Canadair -rrb- obtain from Montalto Brothers of Palermo -lrb- who specialize in demolish written-off car -rrb- , and part buy from the former Itavia . the investigation by the sardinian judiciary would appear to challenge the very root of this trade , the market in spare part , instrument , and part already use and , consequently , consider the charge of `` pose a threat to public air transport safety , '' already wear out and in any case not adequately inspect . the suspect ' lawyer will , of course , put up a fight in the Tempio Pausania court room , dispute the very premise of the investigation , which lay the blame for jeopardize flight safety on the go-between and seller , whereas , the defense claim , it be up to the purchaser , the airline , to check that the equipment be up to standard . the key documentary evidence that , accord to the prosecution , nail the suspect be the `` counterfeiting of JAA form one certificate , '' `` which enable they to sell aircraft part falsely certify as new to various airline . '' the case for the defense be that the international standard be actually `` inadequate or inconsistent '' : `` the international standard issue by the JAA -lrb- Joint Aviation Authority -rrb- , which be establish to bring together and into line the standard in force in the member state of the European Community , envisage the existence , and hence the compliance with those standard , of aircraft spare part distributor exempt from certification , prior authorization , and compliance with specific standard for store spare part , as all inspection , check , and operation to ensure they efficiency , work order , and proper documentation be incumbent on the certify user . '' the buyer , in other word . there be , however , a number of document episode from which far more elementary form of counterfeiting emerge , as the GIP 's order point out in connection with the panaviation warehouse at Ciampino -lsb- Rome airport -rsb- : `` there be no deny the alarming fact that the use of counterfeit documentation make it possible to sell part of unknown origin . a typical instance be the finding , in the Ciampino hangar , of a number of compressor disk from the Iberia airline , on which the label reading retirado , mean withdraw , have be replace with another reading o/h -lrb- standing for overhaul -rrb- , thus make it look as if the part have be certify in good work order by the airline itself , whereas it have actually declare they unusable . '' however , the GIP state in she order that she `` deem the nature of the forge quality assurance certificate make out by the suspect to be on a par with that of -lsb- forge -rsb- administrative certificate . '' the investigation continue , and the magistrate have not yet question the suspect arrest on Thursday . the investigator be examine the paperwork seize over the last few day . the defense team be already announce that they will fight the case before the Review Court .  
 
Document 6
 
Air China to invest more in Airline Safety Beijing , June 12 -lrb- xinhua -rrb- -- Air China will invest 270 million yuan -lrb- 32.5 million U.S. dollar -rrb- to ensure safety , 120 million yuan -lrb- 14.5 million U.S. dollar -rrb- of which be to be use for engine maintenance , source with the company say here Wednesday . the company will increase safety education and training program for pilot , who will be test more often . and more special training will be give to pilot in flight simulator . Air China will place pilot into different route group in compliance with they ability and pilot will be expect to make detailed study of route and airport before take off . and expert will study carefully complicate route , airport and the weather . meanwhile , Air China have pledge to complete examine 69 plane and all engine as soon as possible in a bid to eliminate any hidden source of trouble . so far , more than 40 plane have be survey . and sophisticated technology will also be use to further enhance safety .  
 
Document 7
 
Russia to improve civil airline safety Moscow , 21 December , ria-novosti correspondent Pavel Shevtsov : Russia be to spend about r4bn on ensure the safety of civilian flight in 2002 . the ria-novosti correspondent report that this be state on Friday by the first deputy minister of transport , head of the state civil aviation service , Aleksandr Neradko , when he speak in the `` government hour '' at a plenary session of the State Duma on question of flight safety . he say that in view of the increase number of accident in civil air transport , the requirement make on air carrier be to be tighten up ; company which do not pay sufficient attention to ensure flight safety will lose they licence . moreover , he stress , aircraft be be replace with newer model and additional modern equipment be be install on airliner , which will make it possible to avoid many dangerous situation . a range of measure have be draw up to raise the qualification of flight personnel . after the terrorist act in the usa on 11 September , Neradko point out , joint measure have be take with the power-wielding department to step up the guard and monitor of civil aviation facility .  
 
Document 8
 
hoof and Mouth Disease Contagion concern hoof and mouth disease , the very serious communicable veterinary disease , have be report in Greece . the State veterinary Health Inspection Service have warn all those return home from Greece not to visit norwegian farm during the first two day follow they return . the disease have also be report in Albania , Turkey , and Macedonia . the disease be spread through direct contact between animal but can also be spread by human . strict restriction be impose on animal and animal product from infected herd be destroy . the last outbreak of the disease in Norway occur in Ostfold and Vestfold in 1952 .  
 
Document 9
 
hoof and Mouth Contaminated area declare ; pa blame over the past several week , 10 site where hoof and mouth disease have break out have be locate in Israel , four in the Negev and six in the Galilee . the Agriculture Ministry 's veterinary Service declare the Negev and the Galilee contaminate area . this be the first time the disease have break out in the Negev since 1989 . diseased herd be locate in the Bedouin village of Laghiayh , Rahat , Qusayfah , and in Moshav Tidhar . in the Galilee , focus of the disease be in the Arab village of Sha'ab , Kafr Manda , Tamra , and Yirka , and in the moshavim of Dishon and Dalton . sell and buy cattle in these area have be ban , and transporting be allow only by special approval . the farmer have be instruct to take quarantine and sanitation measure and to prevent vehicle from outside the location from move near they shed and barn . Prof. Arnon Shimshoni , head of the veterinary Service , have say that the disease have not yet spread to dairy farm , but there be fear it might . ever since the palestinian Authority -lsb- pa -rsb- be establish , there have be a rise in hoof and mouth case , and other animal disease , due to the fact that cattle and sheep be be smuggle in from the West Bank -- from the area of Hebron and al-Zahiriyah to Bedouin village of the northern Negev , and from Samaria to minority village in western Galilee . Prof. Shimshoni add that the unsupervised slaughter of animal practice in the minority sector create a danger of spread another disease , acinococcus -lsb- name as transliterated -rsb- -- a dangerous cattle disease that get transfer to human through dog . the disease break out because of poor hygienic condition and illegal slaughter . a resident of the village of yirka recently die after contract the disease . Shimshoni complain that a detailed plan he office prepare for combate the smuggling of animal , base on a evaluation of the impact the pa might have on israeli farm , be only partly approve and , he say , the approve part have not be implement .  
 
Document 10
 
Alif Ba ' on ` Hoof and Mouth ' disease in Iraq Baghdad Alif Ba ' in arabic on 3 March publish on page 20 and 21 a report by Rajihah ` Abbud on the spreading of hoof and mouth disease among livestock in Iraq , say breeder have report many death as a result of the epidemic , which -- they say -- be due to scarcity of rainfall and short supply of drug and vaccine from the iraqi state veterinary Organization . the writer interview Dr. Fadil ` Abbas , director general of the State veterinary Organization , who say : the organization 's main job be preventive treatment . but , there have be a big shortage of drug and vaccine due to obstruction by Sanctions Committee 661 , which consider some of these drug and vaccine of dual usage . the late arrival of drug and vaccine consignment have also contribute to the disaster , which lead to the loss of 65,000 livestock , mainly sheep . this have happen for the first time , since Iraq have the best scientific laboratory in the region for the production of vaccine against hoof and mouth and other disease , but it be destroy by UN inspection team . -lsb- ` Abbud -rsb- how do you distribute drug under the memorandum of understanding ? -lsb- ` Abbas -rsb- distribution depend on the density of livestock and sudden appearance of disease in some area . -lsb- ` Abbud -rsb- how do you implement preventive treatment ? -lsb- ` Abbas -rsb- we use to produce all the drug we need . but , this be no longer the case . Laboratories have be close down due to outdated equipment and lack of raw material . to help we carry out preventive treatment , we have set up clinic in remote area . scarcity of rainfall have lead to malnutrition and the widespread of hoof and mouth disease . but , it be drop down now . -lsb- ` Abbud -rsb- do you depend on private pharmaceutical factory for drug and vaccine import ; and be there cheat in these import ? -lsb- ` Abbas -rsb- we be the one who control the product of these factory through the standard and quality control section . we be also the one who recommend import licens . but , the hardship in import some raw material continue . conclude , the writer say : we conclude we tour by visit al-Kindi Company , which the Industry Ministry establish in 1990 for the production of veterinary drug and vaccine . accord to its act General Manager Dr. Munaf Husayn , the company do not produce all drug and vaccine `` due to the aggression . '' Dr. Husayn say : the company be find it difficult to produce some vaccine due to shortage of raw material . UN inspection team also use to interfere in we work . the company be hit four time and several of its building be destroy .  
 
Document 11
 
successful Campaign against ` Hoof and Mouth ' disease Dr. Dari ` Ulaywi , president of the iraqi veterinary Union , have affirm that the free vaccination campaign , which Agriculture Ministry personnel have carry out recently against hoof and mouth disease , have achieve tangible progress in control the disease , which have claim many animal . he say that follow-up work by Agriculture Minister Dr. ` Abd-al-Ilah Hamid , who provide all facility and remove all obstacle face veterinary clinic throughout the country , have contribute to the success of this campaign and the removal of the danger , which cause the death of a large number of sheep , goat , cow , and buffalo . it will be recall that the main cause of epidemic be the UN inspection team ' action in 1996 in destroy the whole factory that produce vaccine against the disease .  
 
Document 12
 
ROK Reports DPRK ` likely to Face ' hoof and Mouth Disease The Russian news agency ITARTASS report from Pyongyang Monday that North Korea be likely to face large scale foot and mouth disease outbreak . the report say some meat market in the capital have close and that foreign mission have be issue warning to thoroughly prepare meat . it add that the source of the disease be likely to be on the country 's border with China as Chinese farmer be dump dead diseased carcass in the Yalu and Tumen river .  
 
Document 13
 
European Parliament Agriculture Commission President on Hoof and Mouth Crisis Strasbourg - `` without want to cultivate cynicism , it be not the worst evil that the hoof and mouth disease crisis have occur at this moment : after mad cow disease , it will force we to consider a in-depth reform of the Common Agricultural Policy -lrb- CAP -rrb- , '' accord to Friedrich Wilhelm Graefe zu baringdorf , president of the Agriculture and Rural Development Commission of the European Parliament . Graefe zu Baringdorf say bluntly what many people in Europe be think at the moment : that the hoof and mouth disease epizootic have give the coup de grace to the 1962-version of the cap -lrb- 1962 be the year the cap be establish -rrb- . Primacy of the market for this german green aged 58 , both the origin of BSE -lrb- Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy -rrb- and hoof and mouth disease lie in the productivism of the cap . `` it be the european industrial mode of production , which be affect , '' say Graefe zu Baringdorf , a mep -lrb- Member of the European Parliament -rrb- , who be also a farmer in Westphalia . accord to Graefe zu Baringdorf , there be no `` british curse , '' despite the fact that bse and hoof and mouth disease have hit this country with full force . `` the United Kingdom have in a way be choose by destiny to show to all of Europe how you should not run agriculture , '' he say . the primacy of the market have lead to the state abdicate its power . `` in both case , the UK administration do not show enough vigilance , and be late in act , '' Graefe zu Baringdorf say . `` in the case of BSE , it continue to export its contaminate animal feed to the continent until 1996 . in the case of hoof and mouth disease , it allow animal already affect by the disease to be export . '' speak before the European Parliament yesterday , european Commissioner for Health David Byrne confirm that it be the import of contaminate sheep on 16 February , which be the origin of the disease in France . accord to the president of the European Parliament 's Agriculture Commission , `` the re-nationalization of agricultural policy '' would not change anything , because trade be a necessity , since the european country be unable to aspire to self-sufficiency in food . in addition , `` re-nationalization would not a adapt response : the vigilance of the public authority must exist inside each state , '' Graefe zu Baringdorf say . `` but clearly in these two case , this be what be lack . '' but it be clear that the pursuit of profit regardless of the cost have have its day . `` it be necessary to say farewell to the idea of have a market without rule , '' Graefe zu Baringdorf say . the green be not alone in think that the cap must be re-orientated toward extensive agriculture , which be respectful of the environment and health , and attentive to quality . the European Commission be on the same wavelength , as be Germany or Italy -lrb- it be no coincidence that these two country have appoint ecologist to be they agriculture minister -rrb- . even France , the architect of the current cap , be start to move : only french President Jacques Chirac be still show any resistance to a in-depth reform . recently Chirac give a reminder that the reform of the cap `` be not on the agenda . '' the president have not forget that it be himself , who be behind the productivist and pro-market choice of european agriculture , when he be the agriculture minister under President Pompidou . quite obviously , only a franco-german initiative could get a reform move , stress Graefe zu Baringdorf . Health Controls although high-quality agriculture be necessary , it be necessary to go further in bring the free market into question . Health control must be re-thought . `` the european system be inadequate : it be not normal that France be unable to check UK foodstuff , '' in the name of the free movement of goods , Graefe zu Baringdorf say . `` clearly there be a danger in trust the check of export country , which could be influence by economic consideration . '' accord to Graefe zu Baringdorf , it be necessary to institute control in import country , which will be orientate more toward the health of consumer . emergency similarly , it be necessary to be able to trace shipment of all agricultural product . `` vigilance must exist in ` peace time , ' '' say Graefe zu Baringdorf . `` people have the feeling that the administration do not do anything , except in the event of a crisis . and in that case , embargo be decide as a matter of urgency . state should be in a permanent state of emergency . ''  
 
Document 14
 
impact of hoof and Mouth Epidemic on Franco-German Relations Viewed the outbreak of hoof and mouth disease in France create a strange backdrop for the meeting of french and german foreign and agriculture minister in Paris on the evening of Tuesday 13 March , to resolve the dispute over european agriculture policy that have exist between they two country since the Berlin summit of March 1999 . with the crisis perhaps help to restore a level-headed approach , it be acknowledge that , despite the harsh language of recent month concern the cost and cause of the crisis , there be possible point of rapprochement accord to diplomatic source , the feeling , follow the dinner at the Quai d'Orsay -lsb- Foreign Ministry -rsb- , be that the convergence be `` stronger than expect . '' discussion will continue on `` identify the problem and challenge to be meet in order to build a quality agriculture , take account of the imperative of food safety , use in the immediate term the freedom of movement permit by the Berlin agreement . '' this unusual meeting , which bring together two of Lionel Jospin 's minister , Hubert Vedrine and Jean Glavany , and the two leading german green representative within the Schroeder team , Joschka Fischer and Renate Kuenst , be set within the framework of the two capital ' current effort to try to restore less uneasy relation by resolve topic of friction . there have be several meeting since January , follow the crisis spark by the nice summit . President Chirac , the Prime Minister , and Chancellor Schroeder will be meet in Herxheim 20 March in order to review the exploratory work that they have entrust to they foreign minister . the crisis experience by stock farming , a real challenge to the EU 's cohesion , have revive suspicion . confront with the scale of the repercussion on the rural fabric , France want more aid , whereas Germany have reject the rationale of endless subsidy . the outbreak of hoof and mouth disease have exacerbate the climate , all government be oblige to step up precautionary measure . have try to confine the virus to the other side of the Channel , France in turn be now in quarantine . several german laender have announce the destruction of animal that have arrive in recent week from french area at risk and have urge they citizen to limit travel to France . realization -lsb- subhead -rsb- paradoxically , however , the first case of mad cow 's disease to appear in Germany , last fall , create a more favorable situation for dialogue . have be task in January with reappraise Germany 's agricultural policy , the new Agriculture Minister promptly call for a radial change of course . `` quality rather than mass production , '' be the watchword reaffirm this weekend by the german green ' Congress in Stuttgart . this turnabout , which be cause anxiety within the profession , especially in France , nevertheless reflect the realization in Germany both that farming be not just a matter for farmer and also that , even within we urban society , it extend to more a more complex range of factor . France 's socialist government , which have work since its accession to power to promote agriculture more respectful of its environment , by offer farmer new land use contract , be ready to take the german at they word . it be easy for french Agriculture Minister to point out , in a interview publish by Les Echos 8 March , that Germany also oppose a modification of aid for quality agriculture , and have not hitherto use the opportunity open up in this direction by the Berlin agreement . anticipate the german green ' Congress , he argue the need for farmer to `` reach a new contract with society to move on from produce more to produce better . '' he say that when the time for the review of cap come in 2003 , `` it would be useful to be able to issue strong political signal , show that we have learn we lesson from the crisis and receive the message from the public . ''  
 
Document 15
 
France 's Glavany cite on BSE , Hoof and Mouth measure -lsb- Le Figaro -rsb- accord to the latest afssa -lsb- french Food Health Safety Agency -rsb- finding , none of the suspect area , apart from Mayenne , have prove to have be contaminate by hoof and mouth disease . can we consider France to have extricate itself from the crisis ? -lsb- glavany -rsb- I wish this be so ! we confidence increase with every pass day , but it be to early to proclaim victory . the phenomenon be far from have be bring under control in the UK : the authority be pursue it intensively . with so many new outbreak daily there -- that be , on we doorstep -- there be a great risk ; the wind or the thousand of tourist and truck cross the Channel every day could bring the virus in . -lsb- Le Figaro -rsb- but have the battle be win as regard the risk of direct contamination by sheep import from the UK between 1 and 21 February ? -lsb- glavany -rsb- let we say that it be on the way to be so . this be why I have ask Europe to lighten the restrictive measure that it impose on we as soon as possible , on the basis of the provision that France have adopt . as a precaution , we have slaughter 40,000 british sheep or sheep that be in contact with british sheep , and we have introduce safety boundary . France have decide to hit hard and fast , and we be now see that this be what have to be do . I would feel more reassure if we neighbor have do thee same . -lsb- Le Figaro -rsb- what do you mean ? -lsb- glavany -rsb- I be not sure that everyone have monitor british import as we have . one of the lesson of this crisis be , in pass , that Europe must make progress with regard to traceability of sheep . the british say that we be not the only one to whom they supply sheep during the critical period . I be not talk about protective or preventive slaughter measure elsewhere , expect in the Netherlands . -lsb- Le Figaro -rsb- be you say this because Europe have not be kind to France ? -lsb- glavany -rsb- the european institution have function well . it be , rather , outside the EU that there have be a hastiness to do more than necessary and to confuse mercenary consideration with the precaution principle . but , compare to we neighbor , it be true that it be better not to go down on you knee : it be the foremost agricultural and animal farming power , France will evidently not be excuse any weakness ... -lsb- Le Figaro -rsb- Francois d'Aubert , Deputy for Mayenne , want to appeal to the European Court of Justice , since he consider the embargo on Orne and Mayenne illegal . what be you opinion ? -lsb- glavany -rsb- I do not encourage Francois d'Aubert to attack the european decision . Europe can not be criticize for do its job . some country want to have we subject to a blockade affect the whole of we territory . we succeed in confine it to these two department , which serve as we health shield . in view of the sacrifice that be be demand of they , they must enjoy the nation 's support . -lsb- Le Figaro -rsb- despite all the measure adopt to limit the spread of the illness , french people remain skeptical , and the consumption of lamb have fall by almost 30 percent during the past month ... -lsb- Glavany -rsb- this be critical , particularly since this illness be not dangerous to human being . the message that we be drive home , Health Minister Bernard Kouchner and I , be clear , however . this be indeed a animal health problem , not a public health problem . there be no reason for this drop in consumption . but it be true that the succession of crisis , bse and then hoof and mouth disease , be cause reflex response among the public . the picture of slaughter house and pyre show on television over the past month have play a frightening role and explain this rejection . we really must abandon this disastrous psychosis as soon as possible , because it be have a domino effect : I have even be tell that reservation at rural holiday camp in Mayenne have be cancel ! -lsb- Le Figaro -rsb- the main victim be the farmer . do you understand they distress ? -lsb- glavany -rsb- of course any sector of society that be to experience what they be experience would ask question about they purpose and they future . they be at the end of they tether , but who would not be so ? this be why they must be give not only financial , but also moral support . they be suffer the effect of two crisis . consumption have fall by 50 percent and export by 980 percent . in the case of hood and mouth disease , we must be brave enough to resolutely pursue the measure that we have adopt . this will make it possible to lift they as soon as possible . in the case of BSE , we must accelerate and increase economic support to the sector . I be worry to see that very few country in Europe be implement the program for the purchase and destruction of cattle over 30 month old decide on 2 January . we have considerable surplus . hundred of thousand of head of cattle need to be slaughter in Europe , include young heifer , in order to restore a balance between supply and demand . the country of the North oppose this . but if we not do it , we will cause this crisis to drag on for month and month . -lsb- Le Figaro -rsb- we be cling to the rationale of a agricultural economy on a drip . should cap -lsb- common Agricultural Policy -rsb- not be call into question ? -lsb- glavany -rsb- I admit that the industry 's economic dependency be hard to accept , both for the public and for farmer themselves . but I do not want to envisage a non-subsidized european policy , because that would reduce the number of farmer from 680,000 to 150,000 , with all the repercussion that this would have on land management and the balance of society . however , I do think that subsidy be badly allocate and that cap must be reorient . but this be a separate debate , and it be not topical at a time of crisis .  
 
Document 16
 
lend Rates rise as ` Mortgage Price War ' end the two biggest mortgage lender yesterday signal the end of the mortgage price war by raise they lending rate for the second time in two month . the rate for new loan go up by 25 basis point to 9.75 per cent . the move by Hongkong Bank and its subsidiary Hang Seng Bank , which together provide a quarter of the SAR 's residential mortgage loan , be expect to exert a dampening effect on the property market . prospective home-buyer face bigger monthly repayment bill , as the mortgage rate be lift to one per cent over the prime lending rate of 8.75 per cent . for a $ 2 million loan , repayable over 20 year , borrower will have to pay $ 322 more a month . the vicious mortgage price war wage in the first half of the year culminate in a sharp increase in bank ' residential loan volume . Hongkong Bank general manager Chris Langley say : `` the increase be a reflection of the continual change of the availability of fund for property lending . `` it be also a reflection that the very low rate since the beginning of this year have become unsustainable . the rate be now back to a more normal level . '' during the price war , flat buyer could obtain a rate as low as 8.75 per cent . the move come a month after Hongkong Bank push up the rate for luxury apartment , those value at $ 20 million or above , to 9.75 per cent from 9.5 per cent . but the bank say it have abolish the two-tier structure and would charge the same mortgage rate irrespective of loan size . a Hang Seng Bank spokeswoman say it move up the rate offer to its favourable customer from 9.25 per cent to 9.5 per cent , while the rate for walk-in customer be 9.75 per cent . `` even good customer will find it hard to get a mortgage loan at 9.25 per cent these day , '' she say . the increase be `` a response to market condition '' . after compete fiercely for mortgage loan in the first half , bank have be gradually put up rate since August , when the Hong Kong Monetary Authority issue a stern letter warn against reckless mortgage loan growth in late July . the authority express concern over bank ' property exposure , which in some case be well over 40 per cent of they total Hongkong Bank and Chase Manhattan Bank respond in early August by increase the rate by 25 basis point to 9.5 per cent , a move follow widely by they peer . the impact of the rate increase be immediately feel as bank ' mortgage lending slow down in August . Gross new loan make for that month fall 23.3 per cent to $ ,24.9 billion , against a rise in July of 27.3 per cent , accord to the Monetary Authority . new loan approve also fall 23.7 per cent to $ 25.7 billion . ln late September , Standard Chartered Bank take the bold step of raise the mortgage rate to a higher level of 9.75 per cent . other bank charge 10 per cent for all walk-in client . banking analyst reckon the sharp growth in mortgage loan in the first half have give bank sufficient business for the year .  
 
Document 17
 
Prodi Hails First Cut in Mortgage Rates to 5 percent now on to a issue which affect million of Italians : expensive mortgage . follow the decision by the Popular Bank of Milan to lower its rate to 5 percent , a short time ago -lsb- Prime Minister -rsb- Prodi , speak in Bologna , reaffirm that the target of 5 percent be no act of charity , but the result of the sort out of Italy 's economy . -lsb- passage omit -rsb- -lsb- begin recording -rsb- -lsb- Prodi -rsb- I believe the news be good , because for month and month now I have be say that if we sort out the fundamental of the economy , we could have mortgage at 5 five percent . we have get there , and I think that now we can move on . it be important , because now young people who have a job , not a marvelous job , but a basic job , can begin to think of buy a home , as my generation do . with mortgage at five percent , one can start to put something aside so as to able to buy a home . of course , it be clear that the poorest section of society must be protect in another way , and we will do this . meanwhile , this be a incredible leap forward . the bank which take this step , the Popular Bank of Milan , do so however not out of charity . it do so because it can do it , give that the fundamental of the economy be healthy . there be convergence with rate in other country , and thus it be one of the fruit of the policy to join Europe . -lsb- unidentified correspondent -rsb- will people who pay off one mortgage , so as to negotiate another mortgage at a lower rate , lose they tax break ? -lsb- Prodi -rsb- these term be for new mortgage , you see . as I have say before , all of we -- bank , government , consumer ' association -- will have to pay a lot of attention to exist mortgage , because it be clear that once a mortgage be agree , it be agree . but , in the face of these great change , we must look for a solution for exist mortgage too . -lsb- end recording -rsb-  
 
Document 18
 
Prodi insist on Lowering Mortgage Rates -lrb- ANSA -rrb- -- Rome , April 24 -- Premier Romano Prodi today reiterate he government 's commitment to bring Italy 's mortgage rate down to 5 % in the midst of heated dispute over the reluctance of commercial bank to lower they rate in the wake of the Bank of Italy 's discount rate reduction Tuesday . speak during question time in the Lower House , the premier name he government 's involvement with bank and credit institution aim at roll back mortgage rate and say that to date , he have be greatly satisfied . `` when I talk of the dream of 5 % , the rate be 14 % and now it be 6.25 % . I think we can get there be a fairly short time , '' he affirm and say he `` dream '' be base on policy which include curb inflation . after note that the level of cost within the italian banking system be greater than that abroad , he say , `` but today bank have room to lower new mortgage rate because of the low level reach by interest pay on new deposit . `` I think the virtuous circle can be close like this . '' he mention the need for surveillance for remove such obstacle as lending guarantee and other procedure surround mortgage and conclude he remark by say , `` the 5 % mortgage be a feature of civilization , a way for worker to have a home . '' earlier in the day , Cabinet Undersecretary Enrico Micheli say the banking system must attain greater efficiency which will pave the way to greater flexibility on mortgage rate . with reference to report that bank say they would be unable to meet the 5 % rate goal without government subsidy , Micheli say he could rule out `` state aid , though this be discuss only at the level of the information media . '' what be need , he say , be `` the independent action of the bank '' on this front because subsidy be `` old and outdated '' .  
 
Document 19
 
CNA : Pm Asks for Lower Mortgage rate for quake-affected victim Taipei , Dec. 19 -lrb- CNA -rrb- -- Premier Yu Shyi-kun instruct the Ministry of Finance Thursday to coordinate domestic bank within a week to adjust downward the mortgage rate for victim of the disastrous earthquake of three year ago , with 4 percent as the goal . the premier issue the instruction as the 921 earthquake Post-Disaster Recovery Commission meet for the 20th time since the killer temblor hit Taiwan Sept. 21 , 1999 , with central Taiwan bear the brunt of the casualty and damage . the Ministry of Finance invite the commission , the Central Bank of China , and various financial institution to a meeting oct 22 , during which the participant agree to cut the mortgage loan rate to not higher than 5 percent . Yu say that the rate must be further cut to below 4 percent , add that the government will subsidize the gap of 1 percent if the loan rate remain at 5 percent . the measure will be retroactive to January this year and it be estimate that 28,900 affect household will benefit . the participant also propose a project to streamline the procedure for rebuild simple house of aborigine and rural community in quake-affected region . the participant also agree to extend the health insurance subsidy for the affect victim , such as those over 65 , child under three , and those who suffer serious injury in the earthquake , for another year . it be estimate that this will cost the government nt$ 650 million -lrb- us$ 18.57 million -rrb- .  
 
Document 20
 
Japan : Weekly Questions Takenaka 's Personal Financial transaction whether Japan can successfully reform its ail economy by accelerate the bailout of the huge amount of bad loan hold by bank be now attract the rapt attention of the world . Japan 's success in solve this problem depend on Financial Affairs Minister Heizo Takenaka . Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi , who have be criticize as a leader who do not understand the economy , appoint Mr. Takanaka to two minister-level post - Minister of Economic and Financial policy and Minister of Financial Affairs - when he reshuffle he cabinet . this indicate that Prime Minister Koizumi have give Mr. Takenaka full authority over the formulation and implementation of economic and financial policy . when Mr. Takenaka assume he two minister-level position , he announce the name of the bank and company that would be allow to go bankrupt . also , he organize a special task force , select scholar , economic specialist and consultant who have be seek a hard landing after make change in Japan 's financial system . Mr. Takenaka 's bold policy be meet with strong opposition from member of the government and even the ruling party . also , banking industry executive attack Mr. Takenaka 's policy . Mr. Takenaka have not begin to implement he policy yet . the Tokyo Stock Market have react negatively to Mr. Takenaka 's new policy as indicate by continuous decline in stock price . criticism be not only be level at Mr. Tanaka 's policy but also about he personal real estate investment as well as he way of avoid tax . the criticism of he private financial matter be amplify the nation 's doubt about he . Mr. Takenaka seem to be create more enemy than necessary . the Weekly Post have find more dubious financial transaction involve 200 million yen -lrb- approx . $ 1.67 million -rrb- in loan suspect to have be make by the bank with special treatment because of Mr. Takenaka 's minister position . 1 . luxurious summer House last week on this web site , the Weekly Post -lrb- TWP -rrb- report on doubtful real estate transaction make by Heizo Takenaka who have two powerful financial post - Minister of Economic and Financial policy and Minister of Financial Affairs - in the Koizumi Administration . now , twp 's investigation have find that Mr. Takenaka receive special treatment from bank in he loan arrangement . over the last several year , the public document provide by Financial Affairs Minister Takenaka on he asset indicate that he acquire four property . in 1997 , Mr. Takenaka purchase a summer house in Katsuura City , Chiba Prefecture . this large summer house stand on the top of a hill which provide a splendid view of the ocean . the house have wonderful contrast between white wall and a red color roof , which make the house stand out among its neighbor . the summer house have two-story and 522 square meter of live space . the land be register in the name of Mr. and Mrs. Takenaka , but the house be own by Hayes Research Center Inc. , which use to be own by Mr. Takanaka . the business of Hayes Research Center include the management of Mr. Takenaka 's lecture and research work request by the central and local government . in April of last year when Mr. Takenaka be appoint Minister of Economic and Financial policy , ownership of the company be transfer to Mrs. Takenaka . at a press conference that be hold as soon as he assume the minister position , Mr. Takenaka answer question regard the ownership of he summer house by he company , `` it be not accurate to describe the house as a summer house . it be a facility to be use for seminar that Hayes Research Center provide . Hayes Inc. be a research firm . they also send lecturer to we client . mostly , it deal with arrange my lecture . I be a university professor and have be plan to get involve in the seminar business with Hayes Inc. . therefore , the house be own by Hayes Inc. '' if the property be own by a corporation , loan payment and maintenance cost can be expense . this reduce the amount of tax pay by Mr. Takenaka personally . the Bank of Yokohama finance 40 million yen -lrb- approx . $ 300,000 -rrb- at 2.925-percent interest for Mr. Takenaka 's purchase of the summer house . in September 1999 , after two year of this loan arrangement , Mr. Takenaka pay off the entire balance this loan . since then , Mr. Takenaka have be invest in other real estate property . 2 . down payment too small in March of 1999 , Mr. Takenaka purchase three luxury condominium apartment on the same day . the 54 storey building be call the `` Okawabata Liberty City 21 ' and be located in the central part of downtown Tokyo . Mr. Takenaka acquire a 21st-floor unit for 49.9 million yen -lrb- approx . $ 410,000 -rrb- in cash under the name of Hayes Research Center Inc. . he purchase a unit on the 31st-floor for 93 million yen -lrb- approx . $ 775,000 -rrb- . he borrow 34.2 million yen -lrb- approx . $ 285,000 -rrb- from housing loan Corporation and 35.1 million yen -lrb- approx . $ 292,000 -rrb- from Asahi Bank . the loan amount from the two bank suggest that Mr. Takenaka make a 30-million yen -lrb- approx . $ 250,000 -rrb- down payment . after only 10 month , Mr. Takenaka pay off all of the 70-million yen outstanding balance of he loan and let Hayes Research Center Inc. acquire he 31st-floor unit . the title be transfer to Hayes . in the same year , Mr. Takenaka pay off the 40-million yen loan balance for he summer house as well . in addition , he purchase another condominium unit price at 50 million yen -lrb- approx . $ 417,000 -rrb- in cash in the same year . he total use of cash amount to 160 million yen -lrb- approx . $ 1.33 million -rrb- that year . soon after pay 160 million yen , Mr. Takenaka purchase a more expensive condominium in the same building where he family currently live . the price of the unit be 181 million yen -lrb- approx . $ 1.51 million -rrb- . a 170-million yen -lrb- approx . $ 1.42 million -rrb- mortgage be arrange with Asahi Bank under the title of Mr. and Mrs. Takenaka . they down payment be only 11 million yen -lrb- approx . $ 92,000 -rrb- - only 6.5 percent of the entire mortgage . in Japan , it be unusual for anyone to borrow such a large amount of money with such a small down payment . do the bank give Mr. Takenaka special treatment ? the mortgage bank , Risona Holding Co. own by Asahi Bank , say to the Weekly Post , `` we can not answer any question about individual transaction . '' under a non disclosure of identity agreement , one loan manager at a major bank say , `` bank be approve loan base on a manual provide by the Financial Services Agency . under no circumstance would a bank approve a 170-million yen loan for a 181-million yen property as be grant to Mr. Takenaka , `` normally , housing loan be approve for 60 percent of the price that buyer pay for property . in Mr. Takenaka 's case , it should have be about 100 million yen . it should be limit to 144 million , 80 percent of the price he pay . so , I assume that the mortgage bank do a special favor for Mr. Takenaka for a special reason . '' the inspection manual of the Financial Services Agency -lrb- FSA -rrb- define that the bailout amount of mortgage real estate property should be less than 70 percent of the appraise value . this guideline be make in order to secure loan from bank . if bank make loan greater than 70 percent of the property value , fsa inspector may require they to take additional security from the borrower . bank should avoid such mortgage . when Asahi Bank give the 170-million yen mortgage to Mr. Takenaka in April 2000 , he do not hold a minister position . however , Mr. Takenaka have already be a member of the Economic Strategy Committee attach to then Prime Minister Obuchi . he have political power . it be not a unreasonable assumption that Asahi Bank do a special favor for Mr. Takenaka because of he position . 3 . outrageously low interest rate since he be give minister position , Mr. Takanaka have be receive special treatment from bank . on January 18 , Mr. Takenata pay back in full the 170-million yen housing loan to Asahi Bank and , on the same day , he obtain a 50-million yen -lrb- approx . $ 417,000 -rrb- new loan from Tokyo-Mitsubishi Bank put up he 47th-floor condominium apartment as security . the mortgage rate be set at 1.2 percent . at that time , the prevailing mortgage rate of bank be above the two-percent level . Mr. Takenaka seem to have refinance he mortgage by move to Tokyo-Mitsubishi Bank which give he the lower rate . also , he mortgage amount decrease from 170 million yen to 50 million yen . even consider he sale proceeds from one condominium which take place two month before , he 120-million yen -lrb- approx . $ 1 million -rrb- pay-off of the mortgage show he high earnings as well as a nice cash flow . however , Yukio Sakurai , a critic of housing say , `` when bank give housing loan , they take collateral and involve loan guarantee corporation in the middle to establish dual security for the loan . in the case of Mr. Takenaka , Tokyo-Mitsubishi do not get a loan guarantee corporation involve . so , the loan be consider to be a regular loan , not a housing loan . in this case , the 1.2 percent rate apply to he loan be too low . '' the aforementioned banker who be in charge of lending at a major bank say , `` the loan from Tokyo-Mitsubishi Bank to Mr. Takenaka be a ordinary loan for real estate acquisition give to small - and medium-size corporation . currently , the rate of such loan be 4 to 8 percent because the fsa be guide bank to keep rate high for loan to business corporation , `` even for loan make to major corporation , bank charge 3 percent interest . the 1.2 percent rate grant to Mr. Takenaka seem to only be give to group corporation of the bank . '' normally in Japan , bank give better rate to its group company . what the source say be that Tokyo-Mitsubishi Bank give a rate to Mr. Takenaka as low as it give to mitsubishi-group corporation . the Public Communication Department at Tokyo-Mitsubishi Bank reply to question pose by twp , `` due to requirement for privacy protection , we can not answer you question . '' Minister of Financial Affairs Takenaka have already launch policy aim at tighten inspection make by the fsa on bank and inject public money into ail bank . he also announce that he would pursue more severely the responsibility of top management for have lead they bank into financial problem by mismanagement . on October 18 , the FSA issue management improvement order to UFJ Bank which cut 2.5 trillion yen -lrb- approx . $ 20.8 billion -rrb- in loan to small - and medium-size corporation . also , on the same day , the FSA issue management order to Asahi Bank which steal 1.4 trillion yen -lrb- approx . $ 11.7 billion -rrb- exist loan from other bank . it may not be faire to criticize Mr. Takenaka , but , he may deserve the criticism that , since Mr. Takenaka pay off all mortgage to Asahi Bank , he might have feel free for punish Asahi Bank . Mr. Takenaka be the responsible minister of the FSA . while Japan 's small - and medium-size corporation be suffer from the credit crunch of bank for loan and bank ' raise interest rate for they , only Mr. Takenaka be receive sweet deal . the twp contact Mr. Takenaka and raise the question . he reply , `` I will not answer you question . '' that be he only answer . Shukan Posuto -lsb- the Weekly Post -rsb- -lrb- internet version-www -rrb-  
 
Document 21
 
Government to Limit increase in mortgage Rates Tokyo , March 18 Kyodo -- the construction and finance ministry have agree to limit increase in government-sponsored mortgage rate in order to maintain brisk home building activity , source at the ministry say . the benchmark lending rate of the government-affiliated housing Loan Corp. will be lift to 2.4 percent per annum from 2.2 . percent now , the source say . this be lower than a hike to 2.85 percent require to meet the rise borrowing cost of Housing Loan Corp. . Construction Minister Katsutsugu Sekiya will report the planned hike at a cabinet meeting on Friday , the source say . New rate will be offer from March 29 on loan to purchase built-home as well as loan for home reform . for loan solicit by individual who arrange to have home build , new rate will be apply from around early May . since the government lower the benchmark rate to a record low 2 percent late last year , house and condominium sale have be rise . in order to ensure a economic recovery , it be deem necessary for the government to keep mortgage rate low so that housing investment can be keep at a strong level .  
 
Document 22
 
major Japan bank to raise fixed mortgage rate Tokyo , Aug. 31 Kyodo -- nine major japanese bank say Thursday they will raise they fixed mortgage rate from Friday in response to the Bank of Japan 's -lrb- boj -rrb- decision to end its zero-interest rate policy . the size of the rate rise range from 0.05 to 0.20 percentage point . for 3-year mortgage , Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi and five other bank will raise the rate to 2.40 % , Fuji Bank to 2.45 % , Daiwa Bank to 2.30 % and Asahi Bank to 2.00 % . for 10-year mortgage , Sanwa and Sakura bank and three other bank will boost the rate to 3.50 % , Fuji Bank to 3.75 % , Tokai Bank to 3.55 % , and Asahi and Daiwa bank to 3.20 % . earlier this month , the boj scrap the 18-month-old policy of guide the key unsecured overnight call money rate to near zero , set the new target at around 0.25 % .  
 
Document 23
 
Prodi , Banks Engage in Mortgage Row -lrb- ANSA -rrb- -- Rome , April 22 -- a row on high mortgage rate rumble on today as consumer threaten legal action and a lead italian mortgage institute accuse a british bank of unfair competition . the row be spark yesterday by a sharp exchange between italian Premier Romano Prodi and the president of the italian Banking Association , Tancredi Bianchi . Prodi hail Tuesday 's -lsb- 21 April -rsb- night cut in the Bank of Italy 's discount rate as pave the way for 5 % mortgage , a `` cherish goal '' of he economic policy . Bianchi reply that bank have no intention of cut mortgage rate so low , without some form of government subsidy . commentator in today 's press tend to side with Prodi against the big bank which be swift to raise rate but slow to cut they . a Corriere della Sera leader accuse the bank of penalise home-owner at the expense of bigger client to whom they offer seemingly unlimited credit . today , a top official at a leading mortgage and investment institute , fonspa , Renato Cassaro , accuse UK bank Abbey National of `` unfair competition '' in offer mortgage rate that be even lower than the 5 % cite by Prodi . Cassaro claim that Abbey 's rate would turn out to be `` exactly the same as we own 6.5 % '' if the proper calculation be make . he say Abbey be `` misleading customer , '' a alleged crime that be all the more serious , he claim , `` on the part of a country that it be not even in EMU -lsb- Economic and Monetary Union -rsb- . '' Abbey recently begin trade in Italy , spearhead what the press have bill as `` a foreign invasion '' . Cassaro also advance a proposal for solve the mortgage problem : scrap all pre-existing contract and re-negotiate they . that way , he say , low-rate credit for company and other big customer could be raise and high-rate credit to home - owner could be lower . the italian Banking Association meanwhile announce it be keep to a press black-out after yesterday 's flap . it deny ask the government for money to help its member lower mortgage rate . Premier Prodi comment wryly : `` well , I see they have do everything by themselves ... first they ask for -lrb- subsidy -rrb- , then they take they back . '' a consumer ' association , Adiconsum , repeat a threat to take legal action against bank which have not lowered mortgage rate despite a succession of cut in the Bank of Italy 's discount rate . Treasury Minister Carlo Azeglio Ciampi say the state could not step in between bank and customer to get fairer mortgage . speak in the Senate , he acknowledge that the issue be `` delicate '' but stress : `` mortgage be contract between autonomous and independent subject and I do not see why there should be intervention on the part of the state . '' Ciampi say he have receive no request from ABI . he do not comment on Passaro 's idea of use tax credit as a incentive for rewrite mortgage term . opposition economic spokesman Antonio Marzano say mortgage - holder should be allow to renegotiate they term when the borrowing environment change , without the stiff penalty at present envisage . `` it be clear that the bargaining power in draft mortgage be always tilted towards the bank , but they must use it in a reasonable way , '' he say . Marzano claim that Premier Prodi have be guilty of a sophomoric mistake in assume that the Bank of Italy discount rate should be the same as the rate apply by bank to loan and mortgage . he also point out that the European Monetary Institute , forerunner of the future european Central Bank , `` envisage interest rate at 6 % to support the euro . '' `` this wishful thinking base on nothing amount to pure demagoguery , '' Marzano claim . Abbey National issue a statement reply to Cassaro 's allegation and to similar claim by Tancredi Bianchi , carry in the press this morning . Abbey National confirm that its mortgage rate be between 4 and 5 % and `` do not conceal any commission cost . '' it also note that `` we do not ask for any state subsidy in order to apply these rate . '' Abbey describe Tancredi 's claim as `` false and offensive . '' it also point out that it may be a foreign bank but it be also a European Union bank operating under the same condition as italian bank abroad . it therefore call on Tancredi Bianchi to `` swiftly rectify he statement . '' in today 's italian newspaper the ABI chief be quote as claim that Abbey 's 4 % rate do not include commission cost . also this evening , another british bank , the Woolwich , announce a new mortgage to be launch in May at 4.5 % . it will be index-linked to the swiss franc and will have a maximum length of 15 year , the Woolwich say . 